Write a programe to findout area of triangle 

Write a programe to findout simple intrest 

Write a programe to peform swap 

Write a programe to findout greater number out of given 3 numbers

Write a programe to findout wether the given year is leap year or not 

Write a programe to findout wether the given input is number or charater 

create web page using bootstrap and javascript that will display multiplication 
table dynamically of given range. 
start = 1 
stop  = 10
display card for each multiplication table. display 4 such card for large screen,
3 card for medium screen and 2 card for small screen and 1 card for mobile


create object 2nd method that store ipl team name, no of match, wins, loss, point 
create objects to display all time as table 

5) create class KG which return Kilogram of grams given in constructor and
 it has method getKG which return KG. extends this class in Ton. 
 which has method getTon that returns ton of grams given in constructor.

6) create class meter which has gtMeter which return meter of inches given in constructor.
 extends this class in KM. which has method getKM that returns km of inches given in constructor. 
 extends KM class in Mile class which has method getMile that return miles of inches given in constructor

7) create example that will display all country name along with their capital name
 in individual card (display 4 card per line) using concept of array. run loop over array. 

8) create example that will display IPL point table in table tag using concept of array. 
run loop over array 

9) create webpage that will display 10 students' 5 subject marks, total, average. 
create an array of object. each object has student name and 5 subject marks.
 display each and every student detail in table format. refer array41_2.html for detail 

10) create webpage that display 10 products using responsive design and card.
each product has name, photo, price, discounted price. display each and every product detail in above format. 
refer array41_2.html for detail 